Everything was going fine until Mr. Craig started talking about evolution.
He said, the wide variations of living things on earth are the results of the evolutionary
process.
All living creatures, including us, descended from a common ancestor.
Most of the class agreed with him, but the other witnesses chose to stay quiet.
I wanted to speak up like Tyler did, but I was scared too.
But then I remembered my Bible study.
Last week we studied about jail.
She probably felt scared too when facing the terrifying Cicero, but she used a tool she
had to come to the assistance of Jehovah, and he blessed her for it.
It made me think about what tools do I have.
I think there are good reasons to believe that God designed all living things.
My phone contains a lot of information.
My contacts, notes, emails, pictures, but it didn't come that way.
I put it there.
That's just a phone.
What about the information for this plant?
Where did it come from?
I'm really glad I took a stand, and it even led to a good witness.